Previously on Will Trent...
My name is Will Trent.
I'm sorry. this is a little hard for me.
- In Spanish.
- I don't know my mother.
But she is from Puerto Rico.
- Antonio.
- Uncle Antonio.
You look just like your mother.
- Let me take you to Puerto Rico.
- What?
You're getting better.
I don't know about that.
but I love seeing where you're from.
There's a part of you
that's from here too.
If there is. I don't feel it yet.
Mijo. you're so hard on yourself.
You're special.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Catalina.
Javi. what happened?
Javi. is Catalina okay?
- See?
- Yep.
And there.
Yep. Also...
Yep.
She was like family to us.
Her mom's devastated.
Catalina was her only child.
I am so sorry.
Amanda. this is Ramos Delgado
and his wife. Isabella.
He is cultural attaché from Colombia.
He sponsored Catalina's visa.
Hmm. Amanda Wagner. Deputy Director. GBI.
Sorry for your loss.
Thank you. It's terrible.
She was so young.
- Is there any reason to suspect foul play?
- Our ME is here with my partner.
I'll go check on them.
We'll need a tox screen to confirm.
How we doing?
The power couple from Bogotá
would love an update.
- Poison.
- How do you know?
- Lips are blue.
EMT said they were blue
when they found her. central cyanosis.
Fingertips cyanotic too.
- So she wasn't getting oxygen.
- Long list of poisons with those effects.
She was dancing
moments before she hit the floor.
- It was fast-acting.
- That's a shorter list.
- No injection sites. no residue.
- Even shorter.
If it was mixed into a drink or food.
anyone in this room
could've slipped it to her.
These people wanna go home.
Well. I have bad news for them.
We need to talk to everybody here.
Half these people are foreign nationals
who do not speak English.
and at this hour. we are not going to
be able to get an interpreter down here.
I have two years of Español. I got this.
What is your name
and did you see anything?
Yo. where are you from?
Atlanta. but my mother's from Puerto Rico.
If you're Puerto Rican.
why does your Spanish sound like that?
And for real.
why does your English sound like that too?
Catalina was a talented dancer
with her whole life in front of her.
There will always be people
who are jealous of a talent like hers.
She was one of a kind.
What did he say?
Catalina was. uh. good at dancing.
Ramos. Speak in English. my love.
Ah.
My apologies. I was under the belief
you were Puerto Rican.
Well. so was I.
I can't believe she's gone.
Catalina was my dance partner.
Javi. I know this is difficult.
but I'm gonna need you to tell us
everything you remember
about Catalina's last hours.
We were together almost the entire night.
We were rehearsing the final group number
for closing ceremonies.
This late?
The after-party is
where the real dancing takes place.
Dancers come to unwind.
Catalina loved to talk trash.
She was bold like that.
Did you see her eat or drink anything?
No.
She didn't like to eat or drink
when she was dancing.
I wonder how many more of these we have.
Hmm.
So you're not gonna say anything? Hmm?
What?
Really? You don't notice
anything different about me?
What. did you get a haircut or something?
Oh! The suit. The suit.
You went from green-brown...
To brown-green. Yes. Yes.
Night and day difference. isn't it?
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
And now that I see it. it's big.
But it's almost. like. too big.
Like I might need a minute.
- It's a lot to process.
- Hmm.
Sarcasm. Hmm. Well.
Subtlety and attention to detail
never were your strongest currencies.
Hmm. Excuse me?
Special Agent Trent.
Oh. Did you go from greenish-brown
to brownish-green?
I love it. Eyes popping.
Bonbon Chiffon.
Thank you for noticing. Bonbon.
It's what I do.
And you also dance salsa.
Oh. well. I'm the MC.
but yes. of course I dance salsa.
And people have got to stop
getting murdered around me.
My sensitive. sweet. gorgeous.
single soul can't take it.
What can you tell us about Catalina?
Did you know her?
Know her? I was obsessed with her.
Her attitude. her skin. her tetas.
I used to watch her
do her makeup every night.
It was like a sacred ritual.
The closest thing I've ever had
to a religious experience.
How well did you know her?
Not at all.
But I love the idea of her.
Can you show us where she did her makeup?
Of course.
This was her station here. bendita.
God rest her soul.
Door was propped open.
no cameras. no security.
Which means the dancers. musicians.
even fans had access.
Special Agent. why am I only just now
learning that you're Puerto Rican?
I don't know. Bonbon.
It didn't seem relevant.
Being Puerto Rican is always relevant.
Uh! Put that down. It's a crime scene.
How did you know I was Puerto Rican?
Oh. everybody's talking about it
out there.
- They don't like you too much. Agent.
- Hmm.
So which side is the Puerto Rican on?
It's my mother.
Oh. so your dad's German.
What? No.
- Then where does the German come from?
- There is no German.
It does seem like there's a little German.
Maybe it's because
you're so. like. tight. you know.
but that's why we get along so good. papi.
because you're like this
and I'm like this. You see?
Okay. let's get back to the case.
Javi said that Catalina didn't like
to eat or drink before she danced.
So if the poison wasn't ingested...
This makeup's different
from the rest.
Maybe it was absorbed through her skin.
No.
- Death by contouring?
- We need to get this to the lab.
Y'all got a body makeup lab?
In the meantime.
do we release the hostages?
They're not hostages. they're witnesses.
And. no. we can't let them go yet.
Hola. Hello. Is this... is this on? Um...
Oh.
How do I... Does anybody know
how to... how to work this? Um...
Oh. Oh. my God.
It's on. Okay.
What's happening?
Just one moment. Aha. You see?
Oh. Can you hear me?
Sorry. Too close. Uh...
Thank you all for...
Hey. yo. Just speak English. bro.
Yo. can we leave or what?
Not quite.
Still have a few more interviews and
we're also waiting on some test results.
Should be really quickly.
Only a few more hours.
I have rehearsal!
- But we're bringing in sandwiches.
- What kind?
Actually. I-I don't know. Probably tuna.
I'm sure there's a vegetarian option.
Oh. and some turkey breast.
Oh. my God. I wanna go home!
Aha!
Long night?
Max had a sleepover last night.
Five boys. One bathroom.
That sounds like torture.
Jesus. Heller.
Put a bell on. man.
Do you remember
that forensic science symposium last fall?
I told a professor
that her criminology class
could dig into one of our cold cases.
They're set up in the press room ready to
pitch their findings to the both of you.
- Absolutely not. What about Franklin?
- Findings? No. No. What about Franklin?
He's out. Sick. Be nice.
- How old are they?
- College age?
- No. No. no. no.
- I don't know how to talk to them.
Hey. He will say the wrong thing.
you know he will.
They're gonna tell HR on me.
Is that what you want?
Any dead body.
Bloated. picked over by animals.
something that will stick with me forever.
Please. Heller?
Have fun.
Beverly Rutledge. 63.
life devoted to service.
stabbed to death
in her woodworking studio. April 2003.
There was a halfway house
on Beverly's block.
It was the obvious play for the police
at the time.
Makes sense. House full of criminals.
Yeah. except they were wrong.
Can we stop with the whooshing?
This is Toni Hollis.
She lived in the halfway house
after serving four years
for killing her boyfriend. Andre McCoy.
Claimed self-defense.
pled down to manslaughter.
She was spotted in Beverly's
woodworking studio more than once.
Cops legit thought she did it.
like prime suspect. case closed.
But the DNA didn't match at all.
After that. nada. case went cold.
Okay. And?
So we dug into Toni's transcript
and interview notes.
In her interview. she mentions a guy
in a yellow Cutlass tailing her
the night of the murder
on Beverly's block.
So you decided the guy in the Cutlass
killed Beverly Rutledge?
Did anybody follow up on that?
No. Detective Polaski. I'm glad you asked.
They found Toni Hollis
an unreliable witness
because of her record and drug use.
These male detectives just wrote her off.
Hmm. Detectives "Wendy Severson
and Lacey White."
Internalized misogyny. very common.
Okay. What else we got on the Cutlass?
Yes. we used an aggregator
to comb through the online archives
of all the local newspapers for six months
around the time of the murder.
and we found this.
"Residents of Lakewood Heights
are advised to be on the lookout
after a woman fended off an attacker
in Crawford Garden Park.
Six feet tall. white male.
brown hair. mustache.
driving a large sedan.
Oldsmobile or Buick.
light-colored. possibly cream or yellow."
Lakewood Heights is
right next to Beverly's neighborhood.
and a Cutlass is an Oldsmobile.
- Yeah.
- Thanks for that.
You might have something here.
Somebody's gotta dig up those
old case files for the other attack...
Not it.
Dust exacerbates my cancer.
All right. you and me. Kaia.
Let's go. Get my bears.
Grab your bag.
Appreciate the rush. Get some sleep.
Pete said that Catalina was killed
by a poison called aconitine.
The tox screen matches it to a residue
that Pete found in her body makeup.
It's a powder derived from a flower.
Okay. Well. we've talked to every dancer
except one. Roxy Vásquez.
- Ooh. La Roxy? That'll be interesting.
- What does that mean?
Roxy. Catalina.
What? What are you talking about?
- Drama.
- Bonbon.
Okay. All right. All right.
So Roxy Vásquez. the hottest dancer here.
and probably the best dancer
I've ever seen.
And she's Boricua too. just like us. papi.
What's her history with Catalina?
Well. Roxy and Javi
used to dance together.
but that was before Catalina swooped in
and stole him away.
- She was incredible.
- So who does Roxy dance with now?
No one. She's just here doing exhibitions.
But if she got back with Javi...
...they could win it all.
Meaning the $100.000 grand prize.
This is really good information. You know.
if only we had known this earlier.
Well. I don't have a crystal ball.
I don't know what you're doing.
If you want answers.
you got to ask me questions.
Okay. here's a question. Where's Roxy now?
Try the dressing room downstairs.
in the basement.
Hey. you go talk to Roxy. I'll find Javi.
Once again. thank you. Bonbon.
for breaking the case wide open for us.
Here's the key to Atlanta.
Here's a Medal of Honor.
And tickets to Cowboy Carter.
Roxy Vásquez?
One moment. I'm not finished yet.
Can I help you?
I'm Special Agent Will Trent.
- Right. the man from nowhere.
- Hmm.
Do you dance?
No.
I once found a salsa class on YouTube.
It did not go well.
Hmm. Come on. I'll show you.
I'm not answering questions unless you do.
Hmm. Why not?
Okay. So you're gonna
start with your left foot forward.
then you raise your right...
Whoa. whoa.
Can you. um... Can you just show me?
Sure. Left.
Um...
We've been interviewing people for hours.
You been hiding from us?
I'm not hiding. I needed to practice.
You're off rhythm.
- Hmm.
- Stop it.
Oh. okay. Don't yell at me.
If I yell at you. you'll know. Look at me.
And why are you practicing. huh?
You're not competing.
Catalina Cortez stole your partner.
Although. he is available now. isn't he?
I guess he is.
If you hurry...
you might be able to scoop him up.
Agent Trent.
Is it a made-up name?
I'm an orphan. It was given to me.
How did you get those nasty bruises
on your leg. huh?
Comes with dancing.
Catch a heel. take a knee.
- Part of the job.
- Hmm.
Tell me about your relationship
with Catalina Cortez.
Catalina was a pendeja.
She was a bitch.
Thought she deserved the best
of everything. whatever she wanted.
Hmm. Like she took Javi?
That must've pissed you off?
I'll be fine without Javi.
And I don't wanna
make a whole thing of this. but...
why didn't you cover up those bruises?
Everyone else is slathered in body makeup.
but not you.
You're paying
awfully close attention to me.
Oh. you can count on it.
I'm sorry to interrupt. Um...
Agent Trent.
your partner's looking for you.
She's down the hall.
- To be continued.
- Hmm.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
He confessed. This was in his backpack.
- Javi.
- I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
You killed Catalina?
Yes. I killed her.
Okay. Javi. we got the labs back.
and this is a match
for the poison used to kill Catalina.
Walk me through how you did it.
I put the poison into her body makeup
and I stirred it in.
and that's what killed her.
How much did you put in?
I don't know. A couple of shakes.
like sugar in your coffee.
- Like sugar in your coffee?
- Yeah.
When did you do this?
Lunchtime? Like noon.
Meaning more than ten hours
before she died?
Yeah.
Okay.
He didn't do it.
How do you know?
Poison breaks down after four hours.
She didn't start getting ready
till seven o'clock that night.
This guy's a patsy.
That's what I'm saying. He's lying.
We're missing something.
Let's get Roxy in here.
How long does this usually take?
Depends on the case.
Could be hours. days. weeks.
What?
There's a 20-year-old baloney sandwich
in here.
It's baloney. It's probably still good.
Gross.
Why isn't this all digitized?
Cross-referencing evidence. interviews.
This would take. like. five minutes
instead of five hours.
I'm sorry. is this hard?
Is it hard getting justice
for woodworking Beverly?
It's a cold case.
This is us taking you seriously.
It's what it looks like. Stop complaining.
I don't think expressing an emotion
should be called complaining.
- Shut up.
- Okay. God.
Is this what we're looking for?
Yeah. Yeah. it is.
This is the witness statement
for that attack you saw in the paper.
"Sam Lopez saw a yellow Cutlass
leaving the scene."
Hey. here's something
that wasn't in the paper. Partial plate.
Yeah.
Okay. here we go.
Registrations
on every yellow Oldsmobile Cutlass
in Georgia in the year 2003.
Kaia keeps sending me voice memos.
Why do you guys do that?
- Faster.
- Yeah. faster for you. annoying for me.
It's like listening to a podcast
I never subscribed to.
So what do we do now?
Like. how do we narrow this list down?
We cross-reference the names.
see if anyone has a record.
Gonna be a tough road though 'cause half
these people are probably dead by now.
and the other half
definitely don't remember
where they were at the time of the murder.
That's why I love a fresh body.
The warmer the better.
What are you doing?
Why do you hold it like that?
That's not how you use a phone.
- Hold it normal.
- What is normal?
On speaker.
Speaker? You're the reason
going out in public sucks now.
If you'd listen to your voice memos.
you'd know that Kaia and Detective Polaski
got a partial plate.
Starts with the L-F-2.
Oh-ho-ho.
The ladies got a break.
L-F-2 belongs to Wayne Hensley.
Mr. Wayne Hensley has
multiple misdemeanors.
domestic violence complaints.
no charges ever filed.
Still lives in Atlanta. still alive.
Okay. Yeah. I can dig through his socials.
Maybe he's on TikTok.
He's 65.
Don't be ageist.
I have a better idea. Stakeout.
Really?
Let's go. meat.
Do you recognize this?
- Yeah. that's my body makeup.
- Hmm.
I thought so.
'Cause it's the same body makeup
used to poison Catalina.
- What?
- Javi is lying.
He's covering for someone.
I think it's you.
Catalina stole your dance partner. right?
And in doing so.
she stole 100 grand from you.
- I-I didn't kill her.
- Then how did she get your makeup?
I don't know.
She probably stole it.
Like she swiped my dress last year
and then lied to my face about it.
She thinks the world belongs to her.
Ask anyone. She just takes things.
If Catalina stole your makeup.
it means she wasn't the target. you were.
Why would someone want you dead?
If you know something.
now's the time to talk.
Roxy. I don't know what's going on.
But if you're in trouble. I can help you.
How?
How you can help me? Hmm?
You don't know me.
You don't know this world.
You don't know these people.
I'm done talking.
We're just gonna
follow this guy around all day?
I have other classes. you know.
Yeah. I was on a stakeout
for three days once.
No shower. no bed. just me.
400 bags of Funyuns.
Wish this was a Funyun.
Can't you just arrest him and run his DNA?
For what? Man's doing his laundry.
We have to wait and hope
that he leaves some DNA behind
someplace where there's
no reasonable expectation of privacy.
Like maybe on that cigarette he's smoking.
Hmm...
Come on.
Who does that?
Hey. All right.
- What'd I miss?
- Mmm. he doesn't use fabric softener.
Fabric softeners are a scam.
Your clothes are already soft enough.
Hey. look at this.
Here we go.
Just leave it. man. Walk away. walk away.
- This guy's killing me.
- Damn it. Wayne. what are you doing?
Making an art installation
with your DNA trash?
I have to get out of this car.
Kaia. Take a walk.
Right in the ear. really? Right in my ear.
I'm gonna have this baby
in this car.
My stomach hurts.
If anyone farts. I swear to God.
there will be another murder.
And there's not a jury in the world
who will convict me.
Oh. God. He's leaving.
This whole thing's a bust.
Okay. forget it. I give up.
I don't care
who murdered Beverly Rutledge.
I don't care about justice.
I just wanna go home.
Kaia. it's been 90 minutes.
Gum!
Hallelujah. Let's get this murder gum
and go the hell home.
When I found out
my mother was from Puerto Rico.
for the first time in my life.
I knew something about myself.
And I thought that meant
I got to be a part of something.
Suddenly. I had this history.
I came from a people. a lineage.
Felt like I had an anchor.
Like I finally found a piece of...
home.
But to these people...
...I'm nothing.
I'm less than nothing. I'm an outsider.
My Spanish is terrible.
I don't dance salsa.
Everything I learned about my heritage
came from a book.
Not even a book. an audiobook.
Whatever. Who cares? Look. are we done?
I don't have time for this.
I'm in the middle of a case.
Don't do that.
Everything you're saying matters.
And by the way.
we are talking about the case.
Hmm.
You know. when I was a kid
and things were really bad. um...
I used to try to disappear.
Don't call attention. don't make noise.
And if I tried hard...
it was like I was there but...
...I really wasn't.
That's how this feels.
I'm the man from nowhere.
It's pathetic. I know.
When I was in college. I went to Korea
with three other Koreans from Georgia.
Everybody in Seoul saw right through us.
big dumb Georgia Koreans.
But that didn't mean we weren't Korean.
Just because you feel
a barrier to entry into your culture
doesn't mean it's not yours.
It's absolutely yours.
I feel so outside.
So. what can we do to center you?
What can you fall back on?
Solving Catalina Cortez's murder.
Good. I like that.
Do your job. stand up for her.
These people don't know you. but I do.
This killer is underestimating you. Good.
They won't even see you coming.
Take a swig.
You're still building your tolerance.
I think it was the Funyuns.
- Pete. please tell me you got good news.
- Looks like you got a bad guy.
- Yeah.
- Sweet.
Lab ran the DNA from the gum.
It's a full match on
three separate rape kits. It's conclusive.
I briefed Special Victims.
They're picking him up now.
- What about Beverly Rutledge?
- Not a match.
Whoever killed her. it wasn't him.
- Thanks. Pete.
- Yep.
Hey. look. you just solved
three sexual assault cases.
This is huge.
No. yeah. I know. good.
I just thought we solved a murder.
Wait. so what now?
The case just dies again?
No. I wanna talk to Toni.
They wrote her off
because she was unreliable. unstable.
My kind of gal. Let's bring her in.
Javi's lying to us.
and Roxy's not telling us what she knows.
So. you've come to Encyclopedia Bonbon.
Let's start with what you know
about Javi Amenos.
Ah. Javi's drowning. Money problems.
His family's in trouble
trying to get out of Colombia.
He's scraping cash any way he can.
Sounds like motive to lie.
He's being paid to be the fall guy.
What do you know about Roxy Vásquez?
Roxy. Roxy. Roxy.
- She loves oysters.
- Okay.
She got a dog named Chu. Pikachu.
Not choo choo. like the train.
Anything that could tell us
who wanted Roxy dead. Bonbon.
I'm accessing the memory palace.
You know. it takes a minute.
- Whenever you're ready.
- Thank you.
Okay. here's something I have noticed.
but you tell me if it's relevant.
Y'all the detectives.
Every time Ramos Delgado checks-in
to a hotel on business.
the socials put Roxy within blocks of him.
You think Roxy's having
an affair with Ramos?
Well. you said it. not me.
I'm just a lonely observer of facts.
If that is true. we need
to be looking at his wife. Isabella.
Kill the woman
who's sleeping with her husband.
Keep his money and his status.
If you want to talk.
you better talk to them fast.
because they're going to Colombia
after the finals.
Ramos is the guest of honor
at some luncheon for rich people.
Which. like. what even is
a luncheon anyways?
Like. just say lunch.
We can't hold Isabella.
She has diplomatic immunity.
We need hard evidence to petition
the Colombian government to revoke it.
We only have 24 hours.
Let's loop in Amanda.
Have her bring them in.
Say that she has an update for them.
Maybe we can rattle his cage
and see what shakes loose.
Can I go?
Y'all didn't want to hear me 20 years ago.
Why should I say anything now?
Well. we don't always
get it right. We're trying to now.
You said in your original statement.
Beverly was the only one who cared
what was happening to you.
What'd you mean by that?
She was kind.
Not a lot of people are nice to convicts.
you know.
They don't...
They don't think we can change.
But not Bev. She let me
hang out in her shop.
- Woodworking. right?
- Yeah.
That place always smelled
like sawdust and pine.
She told me I can come by
whenever I wanted.
She help you make that?
Yeah. It's a habit by now.
May I?
It's beautiful.
It's the first thing I ever made.
Got me through a lot in that house.
The halfway house?
What was going on there?
If you wanna talk. I'll listen.
Started with favors.
You know. you'd break a rule.
and Jim would...
Who's Jim?
Uh. Jim Branson.
The house manager.
He looked the other way
if you did him a favor.
We're talking sexual favors?
Come on. Lady. you know.
Yeah. I do.
But all those favors
turned into a deal with the devil.
With a record. it's near impossible
to find a place to live. and he knew it.
You couldn't pay rent.
Yeah. Jim would make sure
you earn it his way.
He brought guys in and charged them.
I'm so sorry. Toni.
Did Beverly know about it?
I told her.
And she said she's gonna talk to Jim.
Call the cops if she needed to.
Put an end to it.
Week later. she was killed.
We will do everything in our power
to put this right.
This case isn't what I expected.
They never are.
Deputy Director.
thank you for taking the time
- to meet with us before we fly tonight.
- Of course.
Happy to give you an update.
Please come in.
- Oh. my God.
- What?
So. you have an update for us.
Sorry for the. uh. interruption.
Catalina's belongings
still need to be released.
Mr. Delgado. if you wouldn't mind
going with me to property for a signature.
Uh. that's right. I completely forgot.
Um. thanks for the reminder.
It's right this way. It won't take long.
Of course.
Isabella.
We don't have much time.
I saw your tattoo. the flor de maga.
Roxy has one too.
Only hers is a hummingbird.
You know the story. don't you?
Two lovers torn apart.
couldn't be together.
The gods took pity on them and
turned one of them into a hummingbird.
And the other one into a flower...
so they could always
find their way back to each other.
You and Roxy are having an affair.
Your husband found out.
He tried to kill her because of it.
Is that true. Ms. Delgado?
Don't. Don't. please.
We leave right after the final dance.
There's nothing you can do about it.
- We can protect you.
- No. no. You... You can't.
You don't know him.
Please?
Leave it alone.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Tell Ramos I'll be in the car.
What now?
We get him.
Yeah. perfect. Thank you.
Guys. we got it.
Judge just signed off on the warrant
for Jim Branson.
- Where's Kaia? We gotta go.
- Caffeine run. Thought we'd be here late.
Ah. you're learning.
Though she did take my order
a while ago. so...
These damn voice memos.
Three in the last hour.
Are you ever going to listen to them?
Fine. Okay? But I'm gonna do it on speaker
and I don't wanna hear anything about it.
Hey. Detective. I know you said
you wanted drip coffee.
but have you ever had matcha?
I think you'd really like it.
Let me know if you wanna switch it up.
No. matcha tastes like lawn.
Ugh. Line's brutal.
There's still time to change your mind
if you want to try the matcha.
It's great with oat milk.
You know what? I'll just get you both.
No. Why would she do that?
- I'll drink it.
- How many more of these are there?
Just one. thank God.
Okay. wrapping up at the coffee shop.
You know what's cray?
Jim Branson's current address is
just a few minutes away.
I'm gonna swing by.
If it's trash night.
maybe I can snag DNA like you showed us.
- I'll keep you posted.
- Damn it. Kaia.
What the hell are you doing
on my property?
I'm making a citizen's arrest
for the murder of Beverly Rutledge.
What did you just say to me?
I meant to say.
this is a citizen's arrest.
Jim Branson. you're under arrest
for solicitation. human trafficking...
Hey. stay. You stay here.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used
against you in a court of law.
- Hey. you all right?
- Yeah.
- You sure?
Dude. that was so dumb.
Let's go.
Okay. An intern no more.
Let's get you home.
It's Javi and Roxy.
Why is that man not in custody?
He's a murderer.
I'm not prosecuting a man
we both know didn't do it.
What the hell are you talking about?
I-I heard he confessed.
You know. I have a different theory.
Catalina. she was collateral damage.
You wanted Roxy gone because
Isabella was gonna leave you for her.
And that just ate at you.
And so you did something.
That's a big accusation to make. Agent.
Yeah. well. there's precedent.
isn't there?
Six years ago. Senator Ernesto Castaño.
your biggest rival.
drops dead at a political rally. huh?
Oh. yeah. we obtained his autopsy report.
Aconitine.
Same poison used to kill Catalina.
If you did your homework.
you also learned I was never charged.
Yeah.
because you handpicked the prosecutor.
Even if that were true. and it's not.
you'll never touch me.
Diplomatic immunity protects me.
That eats at you. doesn't it. hermano?
I'm not your hermano.
You're not.
I did my research too.
It must gnaw at you. coming from nothing.
always being on the outside.
Same way it kills you
knowing you can't put me away.
And you know that.
Catalina didn't do anything
to deserve this.
No. she didn't.
It's just the cost of doing business.
No one crosses me.
Nothing that's mine
will ever be taken from me.
Not my seat. Not my money. Not my wife.
Hmm.
You get all that. Faith?
Yes. we did.
We spoke to the Colombian government
and the State Department.
Your immunity is revoked.
You're gonna be charged here.
I want my attorney.
- Sure. Yeah. you should do that.
- Let's go.
The hummingbird and flor de maga.
And now we can be together
because the man from nowhere knew
the old Taino legend
from the island. right?
I must've come across it in a book.
Hmm. Thank you. Agent Trent.
You know. Puerto Rico could be
the place for our new start.
Hmm.
- I'd love that for us.
- Yeah.
I'll look you all up next time I visit.
- Please.
- Oh.
You wanna come dance?
You could work on your salsa.
Yeah. I... I really gotta go.
What? You got a girl
waiting at home for you? Hmm?
Maybe.
- I love you.
No.
I don't just have any girl waiting.
I have a gorgeous girl waiting for me.
Hmm.
Isn't that right. Betty?
Let me show you what I learned today.
You ready? Yeah.
That's my girl.
Something like this. I don't know.
Yeah.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today